4.4 apoccorrect (#2959)
neo4j-contrib/neo4j-apoc-procedures: docs/asciidoc/modules/ROOT/pages/background-operations/triggers.adoc

Same thing regarding `assignedRelationshipProperties` and `removedRelationshipProperties`,
with the only difference that instead of `node: NODE(n)` key, we'll have `relationship: RELATIONSHIP(n)`.

> For example, if we want to create a trigger that at every set, update 2 property "time" and "lasts"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if we want to create a trigger that at every `SET`, updates 2 properties `time` and `lasts`
```
Not really related to you changes, but I think this would be clearer and more coherent to our docs style

with the current date and the property updated, we can do:

[source,cypher]
----
CALL apoc.trigger.add('setLastUpdate',
  "UNWIND keys($assignedNodeProperties) AS k
  UNWIND $assignedNodeProperties[k] AS map
  WITH map.node AS node, collect(map.key) AS propList
  MATCH (n)
  WHERE id(n) = id(node) AND NOT 'lasts' in propList // to prevent loops
  SET n.time = date(),  n.lasts = propList",
  {phase: 'afterAsync'});
----

In the example above, we put `match (n) where id(n) = id(node)` to demonstrate that the we pull the node by id into parameters.
Anyway, we can get rid off this one and change last row with `SET node.time = date(),  node.lasts = propList`.

> Note that we have to add the condition `and not "lasts" in propList` to prevent infinite cascade SET.

Reviewer 2: We could be even more specific about how this would work:
```suggestion
Note that we have to add the condition `and not "lasts" in propList` to prevent an infinite loop as this `SET` will trigger this query again.
```
